Zhang Yi, do you still want to brag in this situation?
I've seen a lot of braggars like you.
You are this
You said that Weiwei's company is well funded by you.
Since you are so rich
Then why do you still want to open that food stall?
Shut up and talk nonsense, and I'll let you die
Auntie, you are enough
I don't want to hear any more of your crazy dreams
If you are now paranoid, the symptoms are obvious
I suggest you see a doctor.
I know you don't believe me
I didn't expect you to believe me either
But I want to tell you
I would do anything for you and my daughter
The money you earn is worthless in my eyes
Zheng Yima
Dad, please stop arguing, okay?
Hahahaha oops
I saw a good show today
family
Ethical drama
Hahaha come come come
Then play Jiang Shao
Sorry to make you laugh
I can give you this money now.
Can you let me go?
As long as the former Taoist priest
You can go anytime.
You are a person of status
I believe you, Secretary Wu
Immediately transfer 200 million to this account
Immediately
You will regret it.
I don't need you to worry about my business
Hahahaha
Mr. Lin is really refreshing
Jia Shao, can I leave in Zhengzhou now?
Certainly.
No, hahahahaha.